I'm a little hungry. Right.
I'm a little hungry.
I sit here and can't be advertised for a streaming hour. You're in a convenient
room in there. Pull by my beautiful, a colored young old, old, old, old, old,
old, old. It's the best one there is.
F
and we can't be here, we can't be here, we can't be here, we can't be here.
She's been here today. People like you, this is so beautiful. I want it to be
bad. I love it. I'm going to say
that. I'm going to say that. Guys, here's when they've asked me to speak, and
I'm talking about money. I thought you walked and out. That's tough. We did
check the way you went there. So I had them and we earned $1,000. So that's what
I was going to do.
I'm going to bring you up to the stage so much, you and your out. You've been so
supportive. And you're next to the chorus. I think you're doing it so simple. I
think you're going to be different to the word. I know that person just makes me
too. I'm going to be there. Because you love mine, right? And that's how you
feel. I'm going to be there. You're going to be me. You're going to be me.
You're going to be me.
You're going to
be
me.
You're going to be me. You're going to be me.
You're going to be me. Da Musha is sa nene sariesum of kinos ver fondant
conversee
Enppent chanda m autumn
I'm sorry. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't
know. I didn't know. I was so very scared. What did you just tell me? No. I was
like, Mary just went from there. So the death makes a big hit. I tried to hate
you. But I tried to tell you. I was like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
man, We will administer the questions,
please be
Which is why
it's forgotten? That's why it virus republic
Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh,
I'm
not going to go. Oh,
I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh,
I'm not going to go. Oh, I'm
not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh, I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh, I'm not
going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not
going to go. Oh, I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go.
Oh, I'm not going to go. Oh,
I'm not going to go. Emily, every year, puts together the group almost from
scratch, if I understand this correctly. They come in here after having been
singing together for about a month. These people sound better after a month in
most groups I've heard after 10 years.
As she already did us the favor of pointing out, one of the reasons that they're
here is through Lloyd Biggel. All of us have our finished charities. Conquays,
finished charities seems to be the magical singers.
And one thing that we never really get a chance to do is thank you enough for
what you do. These people moved heaven and earth this year to reschedule so that
they could be here. From what I understand, they performed all day yesterday or
exhausted and came here anyway.
So, one thing that you might want to pass on when you go out recruiting for new
voices next year, as we travel around representing this convention, people will
ask us lots of questions. They'll say are you at the same hotel, what we can do
on, but the one question we get more than anything else is are you having the
magical again. So,
thank you for all of us.
Thank you.
Certainly.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.